POSE ESTIMATION FEATURES FOR XGBOOST

NORMALIZATION
All landmark coordinates are normalized before any feature is computed:
  1. Translation: subtract the mid-hip point from every landmark so the
     body center sits at (0, 0). Makes features position-invariant
     (it doesn't matter where in the frame the player is.)
  2. Scale: divide every coordinate by the torso height (distance from
     mid-hip to mid-shoulder). Makes features scale-invariant (it doesn't
     matter how close the player is to the camera or how tightly the image
     is cropped.)

FEATURES
All 15 features are handedness-agnostic (no left/right assumptions).
"More/less extended arm" = arm with greater/lesser shoulder to wrist distance.

1.  Max wrist height
    Higher of the two wrists relative to mid-shoulder.

2.  Vertical wrist separation
    Absolute difference in wrist y-positions.

3.  Horizontal wrist separation
    Absolute difference in wrist x-positions.

4.  More extended arm elbow angle
    Elbow angle (shoulder to elbow to wrist) of the arm with greater shoulder to wrist distance.

5.  Less extended arm elbow angle
    Elbow angle of the non-hitting arm.

6.  Arm extension asymmetry
    Absolute difference in shoulder to wrist distance between the two arms.

7.  Shoulder rotation angle
    Angle of the shoulder line (L shoulder to R shoulder) from horizontal.

8.  Hip rotation angle
    Angle of the hip line from horizontal.

9.  Hip-shoulder twist
    Shoulder rotation angle minus hip rotation angle.

10. Torso lean
    Angle of the mid-shoulder to mid-hip axis from vertical.

11. Wrist x-coordinate product
    Left wrist x multiplied by right wrist x (after mid-hip centering).

12. Min cross-body shoulder-to-wrist distance
    min( dist(L_wrist, R_shoulder), dist(R_wrist, L_shoulder) ).

13. Angle between forearm vectors
    Angle between (L_elbow to L_wrist) and (R_elbow to R_wrist).

14. Elbow angle difference
    Absolute difference between left and right elbow angles.

15. Wrist average height minus elbow average height
    (avg wrist y) - (avg elbow y), sign-flipped so positive = wrists above elbows.

16. Legs crossed (0 or 1)
    1 if the knee x-ordering is opposite to the hip x-ordering, meaning the knees
    have crossed the body midline.
